CLOUD AND CULTURE LTD.
COOKIE POLICY
Last Updated: April 10, 2025

1. INTRODUCTION

This Cookie Policy explains how Cloud and Culture Ltd. ("we", "us", or "our") uses cookies and similar technologies when you visit our website cloudandculture.co or any other websites, pages, features, or content we own or operate (collectively, the "Sites") and/or when you interact with our online advertisements or marketing emails.

This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.

2. WHAT ARE COOKIES?

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They allow the website to recognize your device and remember if you have been to the website before. Cookies are a very common web technology; most websites use cookies and have done so for years. Cookies are widely used to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.

Cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. Cookies help us to improve our website and deliver a better and more personalized service.

3. TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE

We use the following types of cookies:

a) Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.

b) Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.

c) Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.

d) Targeting Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.

4. THIRD-PARTY COOKIES

Some cookies are placed by third parties on our website. These third parties may include:

- Analytics providers (such as Google Analytics)
- Advertising networks
- Social media platforms

We do not control the placement of cookies by third parties. You can control third-party cookies through your browser settings and other tools.

5. HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.

6. CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY

We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Cookie Policy on our website.

7. CONTACT US

If you have any questions about our use of cookies or this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:

Cloud and Culture Ltd.
7 Bell Yard
London
WC2A 2JR
United Kingdom

Email: support@cloudandculture.co